Restructure Wasp Deploy docs (#2957)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/deployment/extras.md

:::note Using `wasp deploy`?

> Check out how to set up custom domains with [Fly.io](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/fly.md#custom-domain)  or [Railway](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/railway.md#custom-domain).

Reviewer: The nitpickiest

```suggestion
Check out how to set up custom domains with [Fly.io](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/fly.md#custom-domain) or [Railway](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/railway.md#custom-domain).
```

> Check out how to do it with [Fly](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/fly.md#custom-domain) if you are using Fly.io or [Railway](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/railway.md#custom-domain) if you are using Railway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out how to set up custom domains with [Fly.io](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/fly.md#custom-domain)  or [Railway](./deployment-methods/wasp-deploy/railway.md#custom-domain).
```
